Edit Avoid mutation chapter (#13)
sapegin/washingcode-book: manuscript/book.md

expect(parseExample('pizza', 'js', 'foo bar')).toEqual({content: 'pizza', lang: 'js', settings: {foo: true, bar: true}})
-->

> Now it’s easier to understand what the code does; possible shapes of objects and what the function can return are clear. We’ve also removed all mutations and reduced nesting a little.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now it’s easier to understand what the code does, and possible shapes of the object the function can return are clear. We’ve also removed all mutations and reduced nesting a little.
```

Here we have two ways of defining table rows: a plain array with always visible rows, and a function that returns optional rows. The latter mutates the original array using the `.push()` method.

> Array mutation itself isn’t the most significant issue of this code. Here the main problem is imperative array building and different ways for handling required and optional rows. Replacing imperative code with declarative and eliminating conditions often makes code more readable and maintainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array mutation itself isn’t the most significant issue of this code. However, code with mutations likely hides other issues — mutation is a good sign to look closer. Here the main problem is imperative array building and different ways for handling required and optional rows. Replacing imperative code with declarative and eliminating conditions often makes code more readable and maintainable.
```

});
```

> Now we’re defining all rows in a single array. All rows are visible by default unless they have the `isVisible` function return `false` when a row is invisible. We’ve improved code readability and maintainability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we’re defining all rows in a single array. All rows are visible by default unless they have the `isVisible` function that returns `false`. We’ve improved code readability and maintainability:
```

])
-->

But this makes the function API less discoverable and can make editor autocomplete less useful. It also gives the impression that the function accepts any number of arguments - not strictly five - which was clear in the previous iteration.

> 

Author: Also, the order of the `MESSAGE_IDS` must remain bound to the order of the `counts` that are passed in... this becomes more difficult to see when applying the spread operator.

Reviewer: Added!

// -> Map({ food: 'pizza', drink: 'vodka' })
```

I’m not a big fan of it because it has completely custom API that one has to learn. Also, converting arrays and objects from plain JavaScript to Immutable.js and back every time we need to work with any native JavaScript API or almost any third-party API, is annoying and feels like Immutable.js creates more problems than it solves.

> 

Author: Would it be worth mentioning [seamless-immutable](https://github.com/rtfeldman/seamless-immutable) here?

Reviewer: I don't think it adds anything here: I think Immer is generally a better choice and I mention Immutable only because it's so popular.

Some examples of cargo cult programming:

- A developer copies a decade-old answer from Stack Overflow with fallbacks for old browsers which they don’t need to support anymore.
- A team applies old “best practices” even if the initial problem they were solving is no longer relevant.

> - A developer applies a team “standard” to a case that should be an exception, and inadvertantly makes the code worse, not better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A developer applies a team “standard” to a case that should be an exception, and inadvertently makes the code worse, not better.
```
